[DOCS] update release links in Libraries (#2236)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-libraries: libraries/edge-control-libraries/plcopen-motion-control/README.md

# PLCopen Motion Control

> For more information, please see the complete [documentation](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/edge-ai-libraries/plcopen-motion-control/main/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, please see the complete [documentation](https://docs.openedgeplatform.intel.com/2026.1/edge-ai-libraries/plcopen-motion-control/index.html)
```
